Documentation: Add a document about the purposes of DevTmpFS (#9886)
SerenityOS/serenity: Documentation/Kernel/DevTmpFS.md

# DevTmpFS and its purposes

> `DevTmpFS` is the current filesystem to hold device nodes in /dev directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DevTmpFS` is the current filesystem to hold device nodes in the /dev directory.
```

## What is DevTmpFS, what we used before and why do we need all of that

`DevTmpFS` is the next step after `DevFS`, which was the next step after we had 
nothing at all - just a build script that generates these device nodes for you,
statically.

### The build image script

At first, when the user compiled Serenity, the build image script mounted the
new formatted image, created the /dev directory, then did a bunch of `mknod`
commands on that directory to create many essential device nodes. These devices,
were actually written to the disk, so they were not stored in the RAM at all.
It was a static solution, and if someone wanted to utilize a second harddrive or
so, he had to ensure the build script includes `/dev/hdb` device node, and if
that harddrive had a partition on it, to also include `/dev/hdb1`.

This solution was good for its time, serving us for a long time, until it was
figured that this is not feasible nor the right way to expand in the future.

### DevFS - the first solution for automatic device nodes

> `DevFS` was the first step into making the process of creating device nodes 
> automatically. The basic idea is to mount a filesystem in /dev directory, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DevFS` was the first step into making the process of creating device nodes 
automated. The basic idea is to mount a filesystem in /dev directory, and
```

> to let it to handle device nodes for you. Also, you store all device nodes in
> RAM, and the build image script doesn't need to create device nodes for you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to let it to handle device nodes for you. As a result you store all device nodes in
RAM, meaning the build image script doesn't need to create device nodes for you 
```

anymore, which was a great thing at the moment. However, due to limitations in
the `DevFS` architecture - hardcoding names, hardcoding permissions for device 
nodes and the lack of extensibility for future improvements in hotplug 
capabilities in the Kernel, it was a short-lived solution and was deprecated for
the next solution - `DevTmpFS`.

> As a side note, Linux used `DevFS` also in the past, but deprecated it for the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a side note, Linux also used `DevFS` in the past, but deprecated it for the 
```

> same reason we do it in Serenity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same reason we did it in Serenity.
```

`DevTmpFS` is really a `TmpFS` for the most part, with some restrictive rules. 
The implementation is not inheriting anything from `TmpFS`, for a couple of good
reasons:

1. `TmpFS` allows all sorts of good and bad (for `DevTmpFS`) files to be created
in any instance. We certainly don't want userland to create garbage files in a
`DevTmpFS` instance.
2. `TmpFSInode` is declared as final class. Although this can be changed, it 
will make things complicated unnecessarily. As an extension of the previous 
reason, we certainly don't want to make things more complicated and want to 
enforce some restrictions on what can live in a `DevTmpFS` instance.

## 2 DevTmpFS rules

There are 2 rules `DevTmpFS` has to follow:

1. `DevTmpFS` doesn't assume structure of filesystem, names, or paths at all. 
This means we don't hardcode anything in the implementation.
2. Only device nodes, symbolic links and directories are allowed to be created.
In contrast to `TmpFS`, we don't want unnecessary mess in this filesystem, and
trying to create anything from userspace that doesn't match this rule will fail.

Because nothing is created during the boot process (`DevFS` did that, `DevTmpFS`

> doesn't), it is the userland responsibility to generate the required device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
doesn't), it is the userland's responsibility to generate the required device
```

nodes. How to create these device nodes is up to a userland program to decide,
the conventional method is to look into `/sys/dev/block` and `/sys/dev/char`
directories (which are created in the `SysFS` instance), and to look into major
and minor numbers (which are in the layout of the filename - "major:minor"),
then userspace can figure out based on this information which device nodes can 
be created in the /dev directory.

> However, userspace can do that otherwise by using a statically-defined generate
> script or a list that was prepared beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, however, that userspace can do so by using a statically-defined generate
script or a list that was prepared beforehand.
```
